Annual_Average_Daily_Traffic_TDA -> aadt
CAR35PctNightTime -> This layer represents the location of segments on the Florida State Highway System which experienced a minimum of 35% of crashes occurring at night time. The percentages were determined based on crashes which occurred during calendar year 2009 to 2013.  A crash is considered to be a "Night Time" crash if the law enforcement officer indicated on the crash report in the Lighting Condition field with any values other than "Daylight" (code 01) or "Unknown" (code 88). This analysis product comes from the Florida Department of Transportation's (FDOT) Crash Analysis and Reporting (CAR) system, which contains crashes reported by a law enforcement officer on a Florida Traffic Crash Report - Long Form. Crashes included in this analysis product must have been located by FDOT analysts on a roadway which was part of the State Highway System at some point during the calendar years included in the analysis.
Crashes_Data -> Number of crashes per day 2017 -> 2020
LRS_Routes_with_Measures_TDA -> The LRS Routes with Measures feature class feature is a weekly snapshot of the FDOT linear referencing system (LRS). It is a geometric representation of the roadways in RCI. It contains measure values (polyline-M) that are used to support event mapping of features and characteristics from FDOT's Roadway Characteristics Inventory (RCI) and Traffic Characteristics Inventory (TCI) databases. The FDOT LRS Routes with Measures feature class is a weekly snapshot of the official FDOT LRS. It provides a spatial representation of roadways in RCI. In addition, the polyline-M geometry supports creation of numerous spatial datasets from FDOT data sources like RCI and TCI. It is updated through the LRS package process between the Districts and Central Office staff. It is maintained as a versioned feature class in the Transportation Data & Analytics (TDA)'s spatial database. Weekly snapshots are created every Saturday morning from the DEFAULT version and published for download by FDOT and TDA customers and partners. This dataset is maintained by the Transportation Data & Analytics office (TDA). The source spatial data for this hosted feature layer was created on: 04/11/2026.
Maximum_Speed_Limit_TDA -> Maximum speed limits on roads